Update README.md (#1468)
microsoft/reverse-proxy: samples/BasicYarpSample/README.md

The proxy will listen to HTTP requests on port 5000, and HTTPS on port 5001. These are changable via the URLs property in config, and can be limited to just one protocol if required.

## Files

> - [BasicYarpSample.csproj](BasicYarpSample.csproj) - A C# project file (conceptually similar to a make file) that tells it to target the .NET 5 runtime, and to reference the proxy library from [nuget](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Yarp.ReverseProxy/) (.NET's package manager).

Reviewer: Currently, the sample project is targeted at both .NET 5 and .NET 6, should the .NET 5 be updated? @MihaZupan

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [BasicYarpSample.csproj](BasicYarpSample.csproj) - A C# project file (conceptually similar to a make file) that tells it to target the .NET 5 and .NET 6 runtimes, and to reference the proxy library from [nuget](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Yarp.ReverseProxy/) (.NET's package manager).
```
